Of course, you don’t have to answer in such a hurry.
As long as you think clearly about the words on stage,
The door of our demonstration platform is open for you at any time.
Although I have to say goodbye to my heart and start my inner life,
But after I try it, I want you to try it earlier,
Then I will enter the previous one and input my things.
No, in Dianzang Huaxia, I have a conversation with Xiao Dundong, who is discriminating against housing,
So handsome. Please hide some of China,
What a fellow witness. Okay, this is great for us.
Who doesn’t look at it? The first half is about someone calling me something,
He almost made me angry
This little brother came to the rescue
He is not that total commitment
Listen well, listen well, listen well, listen well, listen well
I don't like this one as much as I do
Maybe I should have been more accurate then
Don't stop yourself
That silence now
is a competitor
It's like a good show like "Dian Shen Hua"